before I had TAS my husband he was
profoundly deaf I fell through the
kitchen c.length I shouted and he
couldn't hear that was before we had
tears and a lot of sounds when never
heard the equipment was hopeless then
one day she asked if I wanted to have a
dog in the house
I said I'm not sure if we go to work
full-time it's cruel to leave the dog in
the house all day it's not fair
okay how about a hearing dog for the
deaf I said I'm not sure but off you go
and when we were given towers for the
first time I was nervous but after that
I started to grow to love him and I
realized he'd be a good addition to the
family I realized I get loads from tars
and I love him now a long time ago when
TAS was younger we had a group of us
that went camping in Snowden we went
walking it was very misty and somehow we
got split up into two groups
although we weren't far away from the
cafe we wandered West has disappeared
then he came back and he tries to make
us follow him Brian and I left
the first group I mean both followed has
to the second group and he found a man a
hearing person he'd hurt his leg and I
think he pulled a muscle so Mike and
another man helped him up to the
caffeine tars is very loyal and very
faithful he's super I really love him a
lot
you